Popover Layout (#23)
vtex-apps/locale-switcher: docs/README.md

## Configuration

1. Import the `locale-switcher`'s app to your theme's dependencies in the `manifest.json`, for example:

> 

Reviewer: On line 18, add the following:::

Now, you are able to use all blocks exported by the `locale-switcher` app. Check out the full list below:

| Block name | Description | 
| --------  | ------------ | 
| `locale-switcher` | ![https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mandatory-red](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Mandatory-red) Basic block responsible for fetching server data to display language options for your store. | 
| `locale-switcher-list` | Should replace the `locale-switcher` block in scenarios where you want to display a custom Locale Switcher. Find more details on the Advanced Section below. |
| `locale-switcher-item`| Responsible for defining which language options will be available in a custom Locale Switcher. Find more details on the Advanced Section below. |

},
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the `locale-switcher` is declared in the Header template, it is ready to be rendered in your store. However, notice the following: the language data displayed by this block can't be manually defined once it is fetched from the server. 

If you desire to manually set the language options of your store, check out the **Advanced configuration** section stated below. 

```

### locale-swicher-list

> This block doesn't have any prop, you just have to use it and pass the `locale-switcher-item` as `children` of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `locale-switcher-list` block does not have any prop. You should use it by declaring the `locale-switcher-item` as a `children` block of it. 
```

### locale-switcher-item

> The options of languages. This block accepts a `label` or you can pass `children` to it in case you want to render something like a country flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Responsible for displaying all language options. In addition to the props (whose table you can find below), you can also declare a block as its child (such as the [Image](https://vtex.io/docs/components/content-blocks/vtex.store-components@3.109.0/image)) in order to render something like a country flag, for example. 
```

| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `label` | `string` | Label of the item e.g. `EN, PT, JA, ES`... | `undefined` |
| `localeId` | `string` | The id of the locale | - |

> | `display` | `DisplayMode` | The id of the locale | `'default'` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `label` | `String` | Language label e.g. `EN`, `PT`, `JA`, `ES`. | `undefined` |
| `localeId` | `String` | Locale ID e.g. `en-US`, `pt-BR`, `ja-JP`, `es-ES`.  | `undefined` |
| `display` | `Enum` | Whether the Locale ID element will be rendered (`default`) or not (`none`). | `default` |
```

Reviewer: I didn't understand the `display` prop functionality. What is the Locale ID element? I think this should be more clarified here.

### DisplayMode

| Value | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `'default'` | It will just render the element |
| `'none'` | It won't render anything |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

},
```

> ### locale-swicher-list

Reviewer: Here right above the `- locale-switcher-list` title, we should add a code example of an advanced configuration using `locale-switcher-list` and the `locale-switcher-item`. Can you help me with this, @Klynger?

> This block doesn't have any prop, you just have to use it and pass the `locale-switcher-item` as `children` of it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This block doesn't have any prop, you just have to use it and pass the `locale-switcher-item` as `children` of it.
```

### locale-switcher-item

> The options of languages. This block accepts just a `label` or you can pass `children` to it in case you want to render something like a country flag.

Reviewer 2: 🤔 just a label? But it accepts `localeId` and `display` too

| Prop name | Type | Description | Default value |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `label` | `string` | Label of the item e.g. `EN, PT, JA, ES`... | `undefined` |
| `localeId` | `string` | The id of the locale | - |
| `display` | `DisplayMode` | The id of the locale | `'default'` |

> | `display` | `DisplayMode` | The id of the locale | `'default'` |

Reviewer 2: Duplicate?
